[CF4SaaS] Various updates (#8935)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/known-issues.md

- When adding a custom domain, the domain will not verify if Cloudflare cannot validate a request for an SSL certificate on that hostname. In order for the SSL to validate, ensure Cloudflare Access or a Cloudflare Worker is allowing requests to the validation path: `http://{domain_name}/.well-known/acme-challenge/*`.

> - [Advanced Certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) cannot be used with Cloudflare Pages due to 's [certificate prioritization](/ssl/reference/certificate-and-hostname-priority/).

Author: ```suggestion
- [Advanced Certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/) cannot be used with Cloudflare Pages due to Cloudflare for SaaS's [certificate prioritization](/ssl/reference/certificate-and-hostname-priority/).
```
